Now sometimes console log alone doesn't get you that far.
You need more help and in such cases you can debug your code remotely.
Now for Dad you need to open the debugging menu on these emulators or on real devices too if you you're
working with those you do that by pressing on the Iaw simulator command.
D And it will open this menu here on Android you press command or control em and it will open this menu.
Now you see some options there and we'll have a look at the important ones for all this module.
The option will now chooses debug J.S. remotely.
If you pressed as a new tab should open up in the browser which automatically navigated too low closed
nineteen hundred and one in Mike has your slash debugger UI dad should open automatically now for it
to work correctly make sure that in your expo dev tools you have setup the connection to be Alon or
local not tunnel otherwise this will be super super slow and now what this debugger yields you this
new tab is that you can open the Chrome developer tools now with the shortcut you should be seeing here.
And there you now also see the same console log you're getting here so you now also have a number of
console you can look into which might be more convenient to work with just to quickly show that example
with the core SQL goals again.
If I can so log my chorus goals here in safeties D does rebuilds and now we see the array here and we
can expand it.
So this might be a bit more convenient to work with.
Basically as you know it from web development.
In case you're a web developer but you can also do more.
You can dive into sources for example to dive into your source code and set breakpoints there simply
expand this debug a worker J.S. thing here expand these folders and you'll find the folder structure
you're also working with.
For example there in your users folder here you'll find the app J.S. file you find key components.
So now in app chairs if you open that file you'll see your code as you wrote it.
So in the end compiled words.
Which is great because it's easy to recognize your code there.
And now here for example let's say you want to stop the code when you're about to add a new goal.
You can add a breakpoint by clicking on the left of the line number here.
So did you have this blue mark.
And now your code execution will stop the next time you hit this code code line here.
Now I enabled debugging on the android emulator so it will not stop.
If I try it on ISIS it will stop if I try it on Android.
We could have enabled it on ISIS to here with debug remote J.S. but I didn't do that so let's go with
Android.
You can't ignore this warning here.
You can simply dismiss it and now press add new goal and maybe enter learn react native click add and
now you see this is getting stuck here because if you go back to the dev tools this is now past.
You see this is now highlighted in blue.
It's getting passed and now the cool thing is you can walk for your code step by step with these controls
here.
Simply play around with them and you can also hover over or things to look into your code for example
to see the current value in gold title.
Now we can simply progress through these lines step by step with this button.
You can step into a function call with this button or step out of it with this button.
And you can always resume code execution with this blue play button.
This can be a very powerful tool for really diving deeply into your code flow because it allows you
to fully understand what's going on.
To look into your values at runtime and to get full control over your code.
Now if you want to learn more about how to use the chrome debugging tools you'll find a helpful link
attached to this lecture which has more information about the chrome debugging tools.